hey guys so I just wanted to a really
quick review on some products that I
found in a the drugstore that I really
like lately um I don't know how many of
you guys have seen lately they've had
these commercials from resume called
fresh start um things I bought them um
this is the waterless foam shampoo this
is for dry for dry curly to normal hair
um which I have curly hair at my hair is
clearly usually a lot of times dry from
dying it blond uh but I really like this
because last time Center I shampoos but
um people saw it dries out your hair
even worse so I really can't use them
this is great it doesn't dry out your
hair it has that chasm I smell if you if
you're familiar with resume products
smells really good um and it's great
like just if you need it quick like
refresher from like school or work and
you're going out that night it's a great
product to get um and then I also like
they're fresh start refreshing this um I
actually keep it in my purse um you know
how like if you go to a bar there's like
sometimes cigarette smoke like I hate
that smell in my hair and I just bring
this and literally the smell goes away
and it smells clean and I and um just
refreshing i really like it um and then
last but not least my favorite shampoo
and conditioner um I really want to try
this I'm so happy I did it's a vino um
this is the vino nourish and shine they
have a couple different ones I've
nourish and moisture and I'm not sure if
the other ones are but um this is the
one I picked up and I use some shimmer
lights i should say once a week but this
is like my daily shampoo and conditioner
um they're a little bit expensive for
the drugstore i guess you could say
shampoo and conditioner but it works so
well and so worth it
um it definitely delivers on the promise
that it has um a nourishes my hair a lot
like it's not dry which is great um and
it really does add shine to your hair
and a lot of times I have trouble with
that just because my hair comes out dull
a lot of time um and it smells delicious
it smells really good too so those are
my favorite um drugstore products lately
um I hope that that helps somebody that
was interested in buying them and have a
good night guys back